sections/talks.markdown, before:

---
title: Talks
priority: 1
---

* **The Table Monad in Haskell** presented at IFL 2015 (September 14th, 2015),
  University of Koblenz-Landau, Koblenz. [[Slides]](/talks/tablemonad.pdf)
  
* **Fixing Non-determinism** presented at the Leuven Haskell User Group
  (January 26th, 2016), Department of Computer Science, Leuven.
  [[Slides]](/talks/Fixing_Non-determinism.pdf)

* **Tabling as a Library with Delimited Control** presented at IJCAI 2016 (July 13, 2016),
  Hilton Midtown, New York. [[Slides]](/talks/tabling-with-delimited-control.pdf)

* **A Functional Perspective on Logic Programming** persented at the Doctoral Consortium of
  ICLP 2016 (October 18, 2016), Sheraton La Guardia, New York.
  [[Slides]](/talks/functional-perspective-on-logic-programming.pdf)

* **Tabling with Sound Answer Subsumption** presented at ICLP 2016 (October 20, 2016),
  Sheraton La Guardia, New York. [[Slides]](/talks/tabling-with-sound-answer-subsumption.pdf)

* **Raytracing from First principles** presented at the Leuven Haskell User
Group (January 24, 2016), Department of Computer Science, Leuven.
[[Slides]](/talks/Raytracing-from-first-principles.pdf)

Commit message:

Add "ProbLog is Applicative" talk.

sections/talks.markdown, after:

---
title: Talks
priority: 1
---

* **The Table Monad in Haskell** presented at IFL 2015 (September 14th, 2015),
  University of Koblenz-Landau, Koblenz. [[Slides]](/talks/tablemonad.pdf)
  
* **Fixing Non-determinism** presented at the Leuven Haskell User Group
  (January 26th, 2016), Department of Computer Science, Leuven.
  [[Slides]](/talks/Fixing_Non-determinism.pdf)

* **Tabling as a Library with Delimited Control** presented at IJCAI 2016 (July 13, 2016),
  Hilton Midtown, New York. [[Slides]](/talks/tabling-with-delimited-control.pdf)

* **A Functional Perspective on Logic Programming** persented at the Doctoral Consortium of
  ICLP 2016 (October 18, 2016), Sheraton La Guardia, New York.
  [[Slides]](/talks/functional-perspective-on-logic-programming.pdf)

* **Tabling with Sound Answer Subsumption** presented at ICLP 2016 (October 20, 2016),
  Sheraton La Guardia, New York. [[Slides]](/talks/tabling-with-sound-answer-subsumption.pdf)

* **Raytracing from First principles** presented at the Leuven Haskell User
Group (January 24, 2017), Department of Computer Science, Leuven.
[[Slides]](/talks/Raytracing-from-first-principles.pdf)

* **ProbLog is Applicative** presented as a DTAI-seminar (February 27, 2017),
Departement of Computer Science, Leuven.
[[Slides]](/talks/ProbLog-is-Applicative.pdf)
